`dev-org`: Add full contents for Guides (#30)
open-education-hub/methodology: chapters/develop-organize/guides/reading/README.md

### Guides

Guides are pieces of content consisting of detailed steps that are commonly used in practice.

Guides are to be used by learners as **tutorials**, part of the learning process.
They can be used as tutorials during ["Practical Sessions"](../../../use-deliver/practical-sessions/reading/README.md), either as unassisted self-study, or with assistance provided for better understanding.

Educators can also use guides as **demos** when demonstrating a topic or showcasing a real-world scenario to a live audience.
These demos are typically good ways to capture the attention of learners due to their real-world nature.

Guides consist of:

- **description and walkthrough**:
  These are the rationale & goals of the guide (how it would help the learner) and the detailed set of steps that the learner must undertake to reach the goal.
  They are created in Markdown format by following the guidelines in [the "Reading" section](../../reading/reading/README.md)
- **media**:
  These form the visual support, assisting the learner while walking through the guide.
  They are created by following the guidelines in [the "Media" section](../../media/reading/README.md)
- **support files**:

>   These form any support files that the learner or educator uses in reach the guide goal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  These form any support files that the learner or educator uses in reaching the goal of said guide.
```

  This directory stores the visual support files.
- `support/`:
  This directory stores the support files (source code, skeleton files, application support files, fill-in-the blanks, templates) used by the learner / educator while working on the guide.

#### Guidelines for Guide Contents

The contents in `README.md` should follow the guidelines in [the "Reading" section](../../reading/reading/README.md).
Similarly, the visual support files in the `media/` directory should follow the guidelines in [the "Media" section](../../media/reading/README.md).
Support files will pass through linter checks, as detailed in [the "Linters" section](../../../infrastructure/linters/reading/README.md).

A guide should have a clear objective, that is stated at the beginning.
The learner or educator must be well aware of what they will gain from using the guide.

After the goal, the guide should present the resources required, such as prerequisite setup and the support files used.

The guide should be comprehensive.
Each step should be carefully crafted, in an orderly manner.
Ensure that steps are granularly presented, and that content itself is digestible.
Instructions should be clear and complete.

> Any novel item, expected not be known at the time of the guide, is expected to be explained.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Any novel item, expected not be known at the time of the guide, must be explained.
```
to avoid repeating "expected"

Guides are pieces of content consisting of detailed steps that are commonly used in practice.

Guides are to be used by learners as **tutorials**, part of the learning process.
They can be used as tutorials during ["Practical Sessions"](../../../use-deliver/practical-sessions/reading/README.md), either as unassisted self-study, or with assistance provided for better understanding.

> Guides can also by educators as **demos**, when demonstrating a topic or showcasing a real-world scenario to a live audience.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Educators can also use guides as **demos**when demonstrating a topic or showcasing a real-world scenario to a live audience.
```

These demos are typically good ways to capture the attention of learners due to their real-world nature.

Guides consist of:

> - description and walkthrough:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **description and walkthrough**:
```

>   This are the rationale & goals of the guide (how it would help the learner) and the detailed set of steps that the learner must undertake to reach the goal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  These are the rationale & goals of the guide (how it would help the learner) and the detailed set of steps that the learner must undertake to reach the goal.
```

  They are created in Markdown format by following the guidelines in [the "Reading" section](../../reading/reading/README.md)

> - media:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **media**:
```

  These form the visual support, assisting the learner while walking through the guide.
  They are created by following the guidelines in [the "Media" section](../../media/reading/README.md)

> - support files:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **support files**:
```

  These form any support files that the learner or educator uses in reach the guide goal.
  They may be source code, skeleton files, application support files, fill-in-the blanks, templates.

A learner would read the description and walkthrough, view media files and use (hands-on) practice files to replicate the practical results presented by the guide.
When used by an educator as a demo, support files are used for the live delivery;

> description, walkthrough and media are used by the educator to prepare before delivery.

Reviewer: It seems to me that you're beating a dead horse here. It's already clear enough what teachers are supposed to do with guides and furthermore, they're free to do whatever they want anyway.
